Incorrect narrow_phase collisions after using ColliderSet::set_parent (#742)
dimforge/rapier: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix `KinematicCharacterController::move_shape` not respecting parameters `max_slope_climb_angle` and `min_slope_slide_angle`.
- Improve ground detection reliability for `KinematicCharacterController`. (#715)
- Fix wasm32 default values for physics hooks filter to be consistent with native: `COMPUTE_IMPULSES`.

> - Fix `set_parent` when ongoing collisions should be affected (#742):

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix changing a collider parent when ongoing collisions should be affected (#742):
```
